#8113: Allow unsecured source from catalog and force proxy (#8135)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

* *Set Visibility Limit*: available only for WMS layers coming from CSW or WMS catalog sources type. If checked and scale limits present in the WMS Capabilities (eg. MinScaleDenominator and/or MaxScaleDenominator), these will be automatically applied to the layer settings when a layer is added to the map from this source

> * *Allow not secure layers*: if enabled allows the unsecure catalog urls to be used. Adding layers of this source sets `forceProxy` to layer options (_Note_: Option is available also in WFS Catalog) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Allow not secure layers*: if enabled allows the unsecure catalog URLs to be used (http only). Adding layers from WMS sources with this option active will also force the layer to use the proxy for all the requests, skipping the mixed content limitation of the browser.
```
